Mobile: several improvements (#312)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/howtos/pages/scout-js/rest-service-how-to.adoc

    return { // <1>
      title: 'Search',
      rootGroupBox: {
        id: 'MainBox',
        objectType: GroupBox,
        fields: [
          {
            id: 'SizeField',
            objectType: NumberField,
            text: 'Size'
          },
          {
            id: 'PriceField',
            objectType: NumberField,
            text: 'Price'
          }
        ],
        menus: [ // <2>
          {
            id: 'SearchMenu',
            objectType: SearchMenu
          },
          {
            id: 'ResetMenu',
            objectType: ResetMenu
          }
        ]
      }
    };
  }

  override importData() { // <3>
    this.widget('SizeField').setValue(this.data?.size);
    this.widget('PriceField').setValue(this.data?.price);
  }

  override exportData(): PizzaRestrictionDo { // <4>
    return scout.create(PizzaRestrictionDo, {
      size: this.widget('SizeField').value,
      price: this.widget('PriceField').value
    });
  }
}
----

<1> A small inline model for the `PizzaSearchForm` having a search field for the size and the price.
<2> Adding a `SearchMenu` and `ResetMenu` automatically reloads the table when these menus are clicked.

> <3> Importing the data, i.e. settings the values of the `PizzaRestrictionDo` on the fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Importing the data: sets the values of the `PizzaRestrictionDo` on the fields.
```

> <4> Exporting the data, i.e. create a `PizzaRestrictionDo` using the values of the fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Exporting the data: creates a `PizzaRestrictionDo` using the values of the fields.
```
